Hello and welcome back to Learn English
with Minecraft Hardcore. My name is
Kenzo and this is English from the
Ground Up. The first thing that I'm
going to do in this video is begin
smelting some iron. So, let's put the
iron in the furnace and begin smelting
this raw iron into iron ingots. Iron.
Let's take this iron. And the first
thing that I'm going to build with this
iron is a shield. Big thank you to this
commenter for reminding me about
shields.
So, let's build a shield. I [music]
can't build a shield. I need to go up to
the surface and collect some more wood.
So, let's go collect some wood using our
stone axe. Up, up, up. Uhoh, the sun's
going down
and pretty soon there will be lots of
monsters out here. So, for now, let's go
back underground. I can already see some
creepers.
I'll go collect more wood during the
day. So, for now, let's take this iron
and let's build some armor.
Let's build an iron chest plate
and let's build some iron boots.
There we go.
And we should be able to build some iron
leggings as well with this iron. But for
now, let's put on the chest plate and
the boots. There we go. Now we have one,
two, three, four, five armor, which is
great. To build the leggings, we need
one, two, three, four, five, six, seven
iron.
Four, five, six, seven. Perfect.
And there we go. Seven iron. Let's use
this iron to build some leggings.
There we go. And let's put them on. And
now we have a full set of iron armor.
Giving us one, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, and a half armor. Awesome.
And let's start smelting some of this
copper.
It's still night.
I could eat some rotten flesh. Let's eat
some rotten flesh. I have five rotten
flesh. Let's eat this. It'll probably
poison me. Yep,
I'm poisoned.
Since I'm poisoned, I'm going to stay
still and wait. When you're poisoned,
your hunger deteriorates really fast. We
have a lot of copper. Let's see what you
can build with copper ingots.
Um, oh, you can build copper armor.
You can build a copper door and copper
bars.
That's cool.
You can build copper tools like a copper
axe, a copper shovel, a copper pickaxe.
Even though it's nighttime, I'm going to
go peek up at the surface. Let's go up.
I'm going to take out my sword.
any monsters.
I think we're [music] okay for now. So,
I'm going to chop down this tree
and collect some wood.
Okay,
there's a spider.
Um,
let's go back underground.
All right, I have seven jungle logs.
Let's turn them into planks.
Uh, and now let's build a shield.
But I used all of my iron on the armor.
I'm sorry, commenter. It's my fault. We
have to find one piece of iron. There's
got to be one piece of iron in here.
Iron.
That's copper.
Torch.
There's some coal. Any iron?
Oh, no.
No iron.
I need some coal to make some more
torches.
Okay. Coal,
sticks,
uh, torches.
Let's make 32 torches.
Skeleton. No. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope.
Die.
I need some iron. [music] I need one
piece of iron. Come on. I'm going to dig
down right here to hopefully find some
iron. By the way, if you're enjoying
these videos and if you would like to
practice speaking English with me, you
could book a call with me by clicking up
here. Oh, there's more copper.
But I want iron. I need iron.
Okay, I'm not finding any iron. I'm
going back up. It's probably daytime by
now. I'm running through the cave. Is it
daytime? It's daytime.
All right, let's start chopping down
some trees
using our stone axe.
Okay, there's one tree.
Oh, there's a sheep. I'm going to kill
this sheep. Die sheep. Did it drop? Yes,
it dropped raw mutton. I need to kill
some animals for their meat because I
need food. Die, pig. Die, die. I killed
the pig. Let's kill another sheep. Die.
And let's kill these two pigs.
Sorry, [snorts] pig.
Die. Did I I did we get some meat? Yes.
Now we have seven pork chop and two
mutton.
Now we just need to cook them at a
furnace. Let's chop down this tree.
That's two trees we've chopped down.
All right, there's three trees. There's
tree number four. Let's chop down one
more tree. Let's chop down this tree.
That is five trees that we chopped down
and that gave us
36 logs. All right, let's kill this cow.
Die, die, die.
Any more animals?
Let's also explore around this jungle.
Let's look for a place to build a house.
I like this beach.
I like being next to the ocean.
Some bamboo. Let's get some of this
bamboo.
Bamboo.
I think you can use bamboo in a furnace
as fuel. Ah, my sword broke. Right now,
I have two white wool. I'd really like
to get three so I can build a bed. So,
let's look for a third white sheep.
A dog. Do I have any bones? I have two
bones.
Okay, I'm going to give my two bones to
this dog.
One, two.
>> I'm going to eat some melons.
We could build our house here next to
the river.
There are some huge trees over here. I'm
going to go back to the beach to build
my house. Let's go back to the beach.
Yeah,
I'm going to build a little house right
here. In the corners, I'll place some
logs. One, two, three. One, two, three.
One, two, three. One, two, three. Okay.
And for the walls, we'll place some
jungle planks.
Okay. And right here, I'll place the
door. Let's build a door.
There we go. Let's place the door. And
now we have kind of a house, but it
doesn't have a roof. So, let's build a
roof. Let's use some cobblestone to get
up.
And we'll place some cobblestone.
cobblestone.
And there we go.
Let's break this cobblestone.
And now we have a roof.
Any white sheep out here?
Oh no, zombies.
Okay, let's go inside the house.
>> [snorts]
>> I'm going to replace the floor with
cobblestone. I can hear the zombies
outside.
I dug up the floor. Now, let's place
some cobblestone.
Perfect. I'm going to place a torch.
All right, let's make a furnace.
Let's place our furnace.
And let's begin cooking some of this
meat. Let's cook some of the pork chop.
There we go. I'm going to build another
furnace. Let's build another furnace
with some cobblestone.
There we go. Let's place it here on top
of the other furnace.
Let's take some of this coal.
There we go. And in this furnace, let's
start smelting some sand into glass.
And finally, let's build a chest.
Let's see.
There we go. Let's place the chest right
here in the corner.
All right. In this chest, I'll put away
all of these things that I don't need.
Uh, cocoa beans, seeds, bamboo. I'll put
my first pickaxe in this chest. This is
very important.
I'll put these doors in the chest. Some
leather.
Okay, our seven glass is finished
smelting. Let's take our glass.
And our pork chop is also finished
cooking. Now, let's cook some beef.
And finally, let's cook this mutton.
There we go.
All right. And now we have two cooked
mutton. Let's take that. I'm going to
build another chest. There we go.
Let's put this chest on top of this
chest just like we did with the
furnaces.
And now let's take our axe
and let's break this block
and let's place a block of glass.
There we go. Now we have a window. Let's
also break this block on the ceiling
and replace it with a block of glass.
There we go. It's still night, but now
that I have a full set of iron armor,
let's go look outside. Let's open the
door
and look outside. Ooh, there's a zombie.
Let's kill this zombie. Die. Die. Die.
I killed the zombie. Are there any white
sheep out here?
I need one more white wool to build a
bed. Let's kill this spider.
Die spider. Die. Die. Die. Some string.
Oh, the sun's coming up. The sun's
coming up. Pretty soon it will be
morning. It's morning.
The zombies are burning in the sunlight.
Here are two cows. Let's kill these
cows. Die. Die, cow.
Any sheep? A turtle.
Two turtles.
[sighs]
I just can't find any white sheep around
here.
White sheep. Finally, I finally found a
white sheep. Let's kill it. Die. There
we go. And now I found my third white
wool so I can build a bed. My hunger's
low. Let's eat some steak.
Let's eat two steak. Now my hunger is
back to full. Let's place a torch here
next to the door.
Oh, let's kill this cow real quick. Die,
cow.
Okay, now let's build the bed. And using
three wool and three planks,
one, two, three. One, two, three. We can
build a bed.
Now we have a white bed. And let's place
it
um let's place it right here.
There we go. We built a bed. This bed
will allow me to sleep through the
nighttime, which is very helpful. And
I'm going to end this video right here.
Like and subscribe. And if you would
like to help support this channel, you
can make a donation on my coffee page by
clicking up here. [snorts] Thanks for
watching and I will see you in the next
video. See you.
I'm sorry [music] I was unaware my
friend hide mindset we're all alike.